# 3commas-postman

A "Plug and Play" postman collection created from the official swagger doc. 
The signature is created automatically.

1. Import the postman_collection.json file into your Postman
2. Create an API key-secret pair in your 3commas account. Some endpoints need write permissions. Which exactly can be found on the [official repo](https://github.com/3commas-io/3commas-official-api-docs).
3. Add your API key and secret into the Postman collection variables THREE_COMMAS_API_KEY and THREE_COMMAS_API_SECRET.

# Weird defaults
The collection is generated from the official swagger doc.
Some request have some weird parameters inside, like "market_code=tempor esse".
Those are autogenerated from the official swagger doc (and only god knows why they are doing those weird defaults...)
Sometimes the default value will have a space inside. 
This could break the request with a counterintuitive message "api key invalid" or sometimes "signature_invalid" .
Just disable those parameters or change to your needs.

# Pre request script
If you already have your own postman collection, you can use the pre-request-script.js. 
Just copy that code to your collection pre-request script. 
You will still need the THREE_COMMAS_API_KEY and THREE_COMMAS_API_SECRET variables in you environment.

# Forced mode
You can add a forced mode per request with a parameter: `forced_mode=paper` or `forced_mode=real` will add the needed header to your request.
Or you can use the `FORCED_MODE` environment variable with the values `paper` or `real`.
